
### Akka Implementation

This folder should eventually contain an implementation using Scala's
Akka library for distributed actors.

http://akka.io/

## Running

Running the code requires that one install "sbt", and then use the sbt
run command.

# sbt

This project is managed using "sbt" the "simple build tool". While it
is in fact far from simple it is easy to use. As long as you have a
working JVM setting up sbt is very easy:

http://www.scala-sbt.org/release/docs/Getting-Started/Setup.html

There are no other dependencies, configure sbt and you are done.

# Actually Running

To actually run the code simply start sbt in the project directory
(this one!) with 'sbt'. This will launch sbt's shell. The 'run'
command will then run the project. 'test' will run the tests.

It will appear that sbt is downloading the *entire internet* when you
run it. This is normal.

DISCLAIMER: At the time of writing this Readme there are no actual
interesting files, so running stuff is going to be anti-climactic.

UPDATE: Now there are cool things. You get to see 120 print out a few
times, some other numbers, etc. This output is generated by a pile of
actors/delimited-continuations/nonsense.

sbt also provides a console reachable by typing 'console' at the sbt
prompt. This console will be in the classpath of the project code, so
you can import the project package and run it from here.

If you just want to compile the code you can do that too with
'compile'.

## Current Status

This project now has some real code! The Four.scala file contains a
"simple" implementation of synchronous typed messaging between actors
without blocking threads by using delimited continuations. Also
present is a prototype of a backtrack function that actually uses
delimited continuations to backtrack things.



